Update Branch Topology Doc (#55610)
saltstack/salt: doc/topics/development/contributing.rst

Salt's Branch Topology
----------------------

Salt will only be active on one branch which is master.
This will include bug fixes, features and CVE “Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures”.

When the time comes for a new release which should be every 3 to 4 months

> the release will be cut from the master.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this sentence to put the most important information first:

The release will be cut from the master when the time comes for a new release, which should be every 3 to 4 months.

To be able to merge code. The code must have well written test.
Please note you are only expected to write test for what you did not the whole modules or function.
All tests must also pass.
The salt stack employee that reviews your pull request might

> request changes or deny the pull request for various reasons.

Reviewer: Let's maybe put this into bullet points for more clarify with the bullet headings in bold. I'm also fixing a few minor grammar errors or some phrasing suggestions. Here's my fix:

To be able to merge code:

1. **The code must have a well-written test.** Note that you are only expected to write tests for what you did, not the whole modules or function.
2. **All tests must pass.**

The SaltStack employee that reviews your pull request might request changes or deny the pull request for various reasons.

Release Naming Convention
-------------------------

A new convention will start when Salt releases Salt 3000.
Every new release name will increment by one ‘Salt last_release_number + 1’.

This is very different from past releases which was 'year, month, dot release'.

> For example 2019.2 and 2019.2.3.

Reviewer: To avoid using an unclear modifying pronoun and to add a comma before "which" for grammar purposes, change to:

This naming convention is very different from past releases, which was 'year, month, dot release'.

Reviewer 2: `YYYY.MM.PATCH` would be more common

Handling CVE’s
--------------

> 

Reviewer: I've been looking up rules on whether you should put an 's to pluralize an acronym and it looks like it's up for debate with some grammar nerds. However, I would recommend changing it to "Handling CVEs" instead. The best proof I can offer is this entry in the Wiktionary: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/CVEs

Reviewer 2: How about https://cve.mitre.org/cve/identifiers/index.html 🙃 (Agrees with "CVEs", though apparently CVE Entries is the most correct term)

Salt will make a new release identical to its last.
The only difference will be the path/fix for the CVE.
This should make the upgrade process a lot smoother for people

> because the odds of something breaking is a lot smaller.

Reviewer: Minor revisions to the last sentence to make it a little cleaner:

This method should improve the upgrade process by reducing the chances of breaking something.

NOTE: Instead of "improve" you could also say "streamline" if you like that better.

Salt's Branch Topology
----------------------

> Salt will only be active on one branch which is master.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Salt will only have one active branch - ``master``.
```

This will include bug fixes, features and CVE “Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures”.

The release will be cut from the master when the time comes for a new release,
which should be every 3 to 4 months.

To be able to merge code:

    #. The code must have a well-written test.
       Note that you are only expected to write tests for what you did, not the whole modules or function.

    #. All tests must pass.

The SaltStack employee that reviews your pull request might request changes or deny the pull request for various reasons.

SaltStack encourages using `the magic keywords to close a GitHub issue <Closing
issues via commit message_>`_. These should appear in the commit message text
directly.

Release Naming Convention
-------------------------

A new convention will start when Salt releases Salt 3000.
Every new release name will increment by one ‘Salt last_release_number + 1’.

This naming convention is very different from past releases, which was 'YYYY.MM.PATCH'.

Handling CVE
--------------

> Salt will make a new release identical to its last.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a CVE is discovered, Salt will create a new release that **only** contains the tests and patch for the CVE.
```

Reviewer 2: Can remove the next line if you take this suggestion.
